Updated migration guide as more methods now throw exceptions. (#1598)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: upgrading/topics/keycloak/changes-19_0_0.adoc

This situaton may be confusing for the developer who has to understand the exact meaning of each method, and depends on current store layout.
The new store does not distinguish federated from local storage.

For those reasons, only the `users()` method will be kept in `KeycloakSession`, and should replace all other calls listed above.
The rest of the methods are deprecated, and will eventually be removed.

> The same pattern of deprecation applies to methods of other object areas, e.g. `clients()` or `groups()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same pattern of deprecation applies to methods of other object areas, such as `clients()` or `groups()`.
```

> All methods `++*StorageManager()++` and `++*LocalStorage++()` now throw an exception when being called, as there is no direct replacement in the new store.

Reviewer: Should it be "All methods of..." ?

Author: I'll make this "All methods ending in ...", as the "*" is  a placeholder.

> The next section describes how to migrate those calls to the new API, or use the legacy API while using the old store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next section describes how to migrate those calls to the new API or use the legacy API while using the old store.
```

The deprecated methods in KeycloakSession will be removed in a future release.

> The `keycloak-model-legacy-*` modules will be available for a longer time, and will eventually be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `keycloak-model-legacy-*` modules will be available for a longer time and will eventually be removed.
```
